[ZH/EN] Rectify the zh ver and en ver (NOW CLOSE) (#5808)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap_Editor/AiMod/en.md

| Kiai isn't snapped! |  |  |
| Kiai's end isn't snapped! |  |  |
| Breaktime is not suggested for mania maps. | osu!mania maps only! | Insert notes where the break time occurs. |

> | <!-- Can't confirm -->Easy/Normal diff contains too many speed changes. | osu!mania maps only! |  |
> | <!-- Can't confirm -->Kiai is toggled very frequently! | osu!taiko maps only! |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Easy/Normal diff contains too many speed changes. | osu!mania maps only! |  |
| Kiai is toggled very frequently! | osu!taiko maps only! |  |
```

| Unicode title conflicts with {0} diff. |  |  |
| This mapset cannot have an Insane diff without a Hard diff. |  |  |
| Beatmap exceeds allowed upload size ({0}kb allowed) | The zipped `.osz` file is too large |  |

> | This mapset needs an easier difficulty |  | Create a new difficulty and make sure that the new difficulty level cannot exceed the hard |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This mapset needs an easier difficulty |  | Create a new difficulty that is easier than the lowest difficulty in your beatmap. |
```

| This mapset is missing diff: {0} |  |  |

> | This mapset needs at least 2 osu!catch diffs. | osu!catch maps only! | Create a new difficulty |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This mapset needs at least 2 osu!catch diffs. | osu!catch maps only! | Create a new difficulty for the osu!catch mode. |
```

> | This mapset needs at least 1 Easy/Normal diff. |  | Create a new difficulty and make sure that the new difficulty level cannot exceed the hard |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This mapset needs at least 1 Easy/Normal diff. |  | Create a new Easy or Normal difficulty. |
```

> | This mapset needs at least 2 osu!mania diffs. | osu!mania maps only! | Create a new difficulty |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This mapset needs at least 2 osu!mania diffs. | osu!mania maps only! | Create a new difficulty for the osu!mania mode. |
```

> | This mapset needs at least 2 standard diffs. | Standard maps only! | Create a new difficulty |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This mapset needs at least 2 standard diffs. | Standard maps only! | Create a new difficulty for the osu! mode. |
```
